>> Kent C Dodds: As far as a solution
is concerned, for my solution,
I wanted to create a report function.
So I'm gonna do that right here.
And I'm going to accept the property,
so the offending.
This is the log, or the info, or whatever.
And then also the consoleObject so
that I can swap it out.
And then I'll just move this down here,
and
I'll call report with the property.
And then the consoleObject is gonna be
reference.identifier.parent.object.
So this parent is gonna
be the member expression,
that's the console.info,
or csl.log, or whatever.
And it has a property,
that'll be the info or
the log, and it has an object, and
that'll be the csl, or
console, or whatever.
So I haven't actually fixed anything yet,
but
let's just refactor our report
up here to do the same thing.
Report on the property and the object.
Could probably just pass
the member expression and
then have our report function deal with
that, which probably work just as well.
Okay, great, so
we haven't actually fixed any code, but
we haven't broken anything,
so that's good.
Okay, so then we'll take our fixer and
replaceText.
We're gonna replace, or here,
actually, before we do this,
let me show you with this handy trick.
With the context,
if you want to see what the source code is
that a certain node represents,
you can do that with context.
So we'll say,
sourceCode = context.getSourceCode().
>> Kent C Dodds: And then down here
in our report, we're going to,
I think it's getText, I might have to
reference this, for the consoleObject.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
it's gonna be in here somewhere.
I have this fancy thing I call space
console that's impossible to miss.
So it's gonna be in here.
Actually, did I forget to put,
no, I put fixable in there.
What?
>> Kent C Dodds: Let's put this up here.
Okay, so we are seeing that sourceCode,
I'm not sure why it wasn't
happening in our fixer.
So yeah, if we wanted to do the property,
and then that's gonna be the log.
We could do parent, and that csl.log,
we'd do parent from that.
And that gives us the call expression.
And a parent from that is gonna be,
I'm not even sure what the parent of our
call expression is, but you get the idea.
You pass it a node, it will give you
the text that that node represents.
Which is really, really handy,
and I use it often.
So we want to swap out the csl,
or the console reference.
And so, whoops.
>> Kent C Dodds: Let's just
get rid of this stuff.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
we'll swap out the consoleObject.
>> Kent C Dodds: And sorry,
I didn't make that clear, super sorry, but
you need to return this.
Did anybody, yeah, catch that?
Reference is not defined, what?
>> Student: Node, I think the node.
>> Kent C Dodds: Thank you.
>> Kent C Dodds: And the node, wait,
we wanna replace consoleObject,
sorry, consoleObject with logger.
>> Kent C Dodds: Output is incorrect for
this one.
Yeah, that's right, okay.
So for this one,
we don't wanna replace csl.
We wanna replace the console, so
that csl will be assigned to console.
So instead of passing
the identifier.parent.object,
we're just gonna pass
the consoleUsage identifier.
Does that make sense?
So remember this consoleUsage is a
collection of all of the identifiers that
are console, and in the case of it
being a reference of some kind.
Or sorry, whoops, I got the wrong one.
That is this one.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, that one.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, cool, and
then I gotta remove this bad code test.
>> Kent C Dodds: Let me just
expand this out a little bit.
>> Kent C Dodds: So just to recap, we have
our report function, takes a property,
and then the consoleObject that
we wanna have be replaced.
And we do our normal reporting
on that property, and
then we provide a fix that takes a fixer.
We call replaceText on that
consoleObject that we wanna replace.
We replace it with logger, which is
presumably some global that we have for
our app or something.
Yeah, so these ESLint rules
can get decently complicated.
But what I think is really cool about
them is if you really feel like
you need to control against developers
doing some really potentially bad things,
an ESLint rule is great because you can
find a lot of really common patterns.
And even if the developers are doing
some kinda wacky things like assigning
console to another object and
calling logs on that,
you can still accomplish
your static analyzation.